Unknown Speaker  0:00  
I can started.

Unknown Speaker  0:03  
That's the Okay, so let me just try the same one here. The more traffic I have, the better.

Unknown Speaker  0:10  
I have it easier. I have it this one is not recording. I I do want to close this one. I can just try this one. No, no. Shout out. That is his pain.

Unknown Speaker  0:22  
So much recorded long time, but I don't trust anything. So three minutes and my clock here should ring. Okay? So basically, I've got when I want to do it. Okay, guys, this video is very important.

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
It's basically a video I've been willing to do all my life.

Unknown Speaker  0:42  
The pressure of my speech, the way I am this way. I've never made a video, but I was in that stuff.

Unknown Speaker  0:50  
But basically this video, I must follow it very well,

Unknown Speaker  0:56  
because you saw the whole religious philosophy. Heart, oh, and soul, two connections, my heart and souls to consciousness, the world. Okay, basically you said ontology, nature and nature of being. Are you asking? How does ontology, what this power took this project, what we could know about them?

Unknown Speaker  1:16  
Because Beijing Film suggests the system that observer buys to find reality itself.

Unknown Speaker  1:24  
Yes, yes. There's like a quote from prompts. So basically, what's the ontology? Ontology, guys, is my research initiative, specifically, what the white audiences exist are

Unknown Speaker  1:35  
placed in the universe, how we know ourselves, how we perceive ourselves. Ontology, for me, it's very just who I am.

Unknown Speaker  1:46  
My persona, heart to Connections is one of what I call polarity, my heart, my passion, my heart to myself, my good heart, or my evil heart. I can be good to myself. I can be evil to myself, but that's like you have a heart. You know, my heart is just good at you depending on how I'm behaving, how I'm feeling

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
when I'm hungry, sad, angry.

Unknown Speaker  2:11  
That's just that can be nature, the natural things that happen the world that affects that cause and effect duality and nurture my upbringing, my trauma, my environment. You know, this video is YouTube, because ontology is the core of this entire framework.

Unknown Speaker  2:31  
Ontology is just not what things are. It's for me, it's never what these are. It's how things are.

Unknown Speaker  2:38  
How are they like that? Because, you know, if you think about yourself, you are, you know what your skin is, okay. Basically, let me use apple. I'm asking, see, look at an apple. A red apple,

Unknown Speaker  2:48  
developer, is very juicy. Now you take a bite of that looks very juicy, especially if you got a red apple. It's red, it's shiny.

Unknown Speaker  2:56  
It fell from a tree. It falls from a four tree. You you pick the red apple. Now you look at, oh so red, so juicy.

Unknown Speaker  3:09  
They pick an apple. You bite it, and you say, Oh yes, the apple. I'm putting the apple. It's very juicy. Tastes like I expect, like an apple. They take a go to country, same apple, but it's green

Unknown Speaker  3:22  
apple. So you take this apple and then you bite on this apple.

Unknown Speaker  3:26  
When you buy this apple, it's not really as appley as I'll taste it, because, you know, my focus is me biting apple. I says, Apple. It's not appley. It's not juicy. It's not from an apple. No, from an apple. Now, are these both apples? You know? Yes, you will say that. But you know, my new people will say, Yes, two different things. Now, while saying, All you know is, because it's a green apple and this is a red apple, but does we don't know the term apples. Who gave that?

Unknown Speaker  4:03  
So we can Apple is just a word in English. We go like

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
other words.

Unknown Speaker  4:09  
We can give it based on our ontology, the nature of our being. But ontology is just more about, to me, about how we watch, how we build, how we process formation, our real world, how we, how we work, how we, when, how we, why, how we, where, how we when.

Unknown Speaker  4:32  
That's more about architecture as infrastructure. You know, it's about ontology,

Unknown Speaker  4:38  
but what? Why are good questions to actually give you the bigger picture on structure over syntax, but we can know about Apple. So now you get so basically, now you say, Okay, I'm gonna try to get this apple, red apple. What give this? What a classifier. It's an apple yet. But Apple three years

Unknown Speaker  4:57  
is now, and this is the apples the grown trees, they have the same process, go to the place of life, and the girl needs a start of the seed, but then you get a tomato. Tomato is a fruit, yes, yes. And apples are fruits. But tomatoes, what a vegetable. So it's like to be on the ground. It goes in ground and doesn't go too high.

Unknown Speaker  5:19  
But it's also fruit. So it's a fruit and Apple, it's a fruit. So they can be in Apple cloth and in the fruits vegetables and veg fruits and vegetable cloth. But it's different. It's nature is different. It's like, you know, if I wanted to ever create an apple from scratch, I have to go from scratch without even known Africa seed. But the seed has what we don't know, what she's fully made up of, genetics, code, protons, you know, both to capture the full information of what a seed is. Even get an apple tree. But you know that information is so sparse and so dynamic, it has to be like, you know, computationally infeasible for any community. But it's saying to me, I'm saying that the nature of analogy is the nature of reality, but you know, it's part of reality. So it's not just three subjective it's just more interpretive based on how we treat ourselves.

Unknown Speaker  6:17  
Because I do know what in French, German upper

Unknown Speaker  6:22  
but you know, there are other ways to perceive this, an apple. So basically limited lens view Undertaker of the subdivision. And we have fragmented ecosystems, such as countries that change the meaning of the time, new divergence. But you know, that's what ontology means to me.

Unknown Speaker  6:44  
Basically, my sense is when I eat an apple, it is an apple 14 to seven I get, basically the seven senses that I have. Two plus seven is what 14 first sense, sight, taste, touch, hearing. That's the crunch of the apple, the touch of the roundness the site, what it looks like the site, smell, sight, taste, touch, scent, and want to go for another five senses, and then my perception of that sense, of the sixth sense, you know, open sense. And so the relay my interpretation of that sense. So basically, if I see the apple, red apple, oh, it's a red apple and it's an apple. Oh, beautiful red. This one's green. This is red. But they are the same thing. So I can say, okay, now I taste the green apple. Now the green apple I taste it, but, you know, I taste it, says juicy. So I'll see this is not an apple, a full Apple, just a little variation of it, because then that little difference means, oh, it's not the same Apple. It's not the same, you know, because, you know, if that feel that taste, if I feel that says, basically, sometimes seven, if I any, any division in information I take in from my senses, gives me a full sense of security of that thing, because that is different automatically,

Unknown Speaker  8:05  
which is why I don't cause the green apple as an apple in the red apple. I know they are apples, but they're not apples to me in the same thing. And the word Apple is too rigid to describe the full experience I'm experiencing.

Unknown Speaker  8:19  
For me, this one means we knew divergent apple so busy seven times seven is 49

Unknown Speaker  8:28  
basically seven union seven is nine plus four, 910, 1113, And then 4564563,

Unknown Speaker  8:40  
senses, that spring processes. Basically my sense is again, 63 dimensions of process, because, you know, the minimum one is seven plus seven, because, you know, seven intake and several relay. So for the five senses, when I experienced the foods, for the invertenamic sensors, this that I can act on, I could get 1414,

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
and the case has a like a seven, seven sensors, and the seven other services, like the normal one, but, you know, but you know, seven plus seven is 14, and you know, to the sixth time. So you guys, you say nice, three dimensions, kind of information. But you know, that means exposes, so much ways, so much ways that that it's like, accountable. It doesn't really mean that it's an apple. They are one class. It's a static system. It's like, you know, if I chase one apple and then I buy a corner, it doesn't account for all the variations in the world. You know, it's not static. It doesn't feel rigid. In the my view, it feels like something is experiences of off a cue. Okay, next question. So this obviously the next one. This one also, well, epistemology. Now,

Unknown Speaker  9:53  
if ontology is what, why? No epistemology is what? Yes, how I know about them, but you know, that's more of a clarification from going to that. Now, let's go to other one.

Unknown Speaker  10:05  
Don't know magic legend. So say I can only taste apples on in my dimensions. I'm a three dB, because I'm basically I'm a four dB. But I know I'm really well, so I can taste apples and mouse. So I get this three dimensions to taste an apple or fruit or orange or, like, you know, some kind of fruit, you know, and then my senses are then, I mean, really well. So three plus three is the minimum dimensions you can have in three locations, three bigger three to three ratio, because, you know this, XYZ, three to three means three plus three equals six, six dimensions. Now this kind of proof scripting three,

Unknown Speaker  10:49  
three times three equals nine, nine plus six is 15. Now, 15 is what not the union of it, sorry, union of the five, nine is 15. So get 15 dimensions. I can be in my relationship, but only taking my x, y, z, through my senses, my senses. But you know, I can interact with up to 15 dimensions phenomenologically. If I close my eyes, my consciousness

Unknown Speaker  11:18  
extinct. Three master. So there are 15 images here in the world, my world, still, I don't need to observe. I don't need to use them. I don't know how to access them. The access

Unknown Speaker  11:29  
is limited because I don't know. Basically, can try to try to go to meditation, sleep, meditation, sleep. Can

Unknown Speaker  11:41  
try to actual project via the string method, go far, much and travel across the planes, but, you know, only bound to 15 dimensions, because my world is really about a really sensory because I see upside down below, because about this process show phenomenological meaning.

Unknown Speaker  12:08  
This is just the nature of knowing, know

Unknown Speaker  12:12  
yourself, but initial knowing other things, which is phenomological Laser protocol.

Unknown Speaker  12:18  
So my access to some other 15 dimensions, because they are there for me to access, but I don't know how to access them, because I am already in the framework of this system. What is Religious Epistemology? The nature of knowing, okay, have I been stopped? Okay, the nature of knowing epistemology How do I know? Why not? I do know what I know.

Unknown Speaker  12:47  
Sometimes it has done, classified them multiple times so I get I can do one way, 15 dimensions, minimum for like, access I can't afford to access it, and then three dimensions for a century processing minimum, because, you know, I haven't doubled that so, so

Unknown Speaker  13:11  
how do I how do I know?

Unknown Speaker  13:14  
How do I know about them so I can famous courses, basically doing stuff can be done in Minnesota. How do I know? How am I sure? How am I sure I know what I know which kind of so much.

Unknown Speaker  13:30  
So, you know, it's a valid information soon. So I can give you one more. So if you get most code

Unknown Speaker  13:36  
now, most code is like repeating patterns, you know, but universe vision patterns. So if I look at my roof library, and I have multiple I can accumulate, sometimes relaying, it's, it's, it's kind of inside to me, but, you know, via some sensory protocol that kind of interact with I'm not in trouble. Generally not to show it is or it is not there, because I'm saying that I know. I know

Unknown Speaker  14:07  
I can, I can check I know what I know, because it's the force into some classification heuristic, location or lack of lack thereof, of it, of a structure, of some kind of data stream that sparse,

Unknown Speaker  14:28  
and you know, can switch classify, because

Unknown Speaker  14:31  
it Spar just means you can more than this can shouldn't be any form of charge, because now the apple the tomato dilemma.

Unknown Speaker  14:42  
Or the Croats are the basically all vegetables are fruits anyway, but they grow them on the ground. The Yam is a fruit. Of Yam is a fruit,

Unknown Speaker  14:55  
yes, so the food is looking on annoying stuff getting more insight, you know. But you know, you use relay, a lot of relay, to classify our verb now, so the verb now act as I've done, the verb now of this apple, red apple, red apple, red tomato.

Unknown Speaker  15:10  
Police are classifiers. They just things I anchor to that thing. Now I can change the term red to green apple or orange carrot. You know, orange carrot, but it's like the cohesion of fruit and veg in my wealthy fruit and veg, because, you know, they are the same thing, but more just more healthy and easier to grind and easy to process. You want to eat carrot from the ground naturally. But naturally, but in doubt, they're healthy, you. Dimension d minus nine is a proven ontology from basically,

Unknown Speaker  15:54  
ontology, okay, yes, my this is based on me, my university. I am. I believe I produced from this place,

Unknown Speaker  16:05  
from this world. So I believe I was protected downwards in a 40 world, while I was born said, Oh, we want to give Nnamdi chance to be, to be in a three day world.

Unknown Speaker  16:20  
But, you know, that's how things are. Admit to you guys. I felt targeted by my new diversity. I believe

Unknown Speaker  16:32  
I was down, projected from my pain of business for one reason and one in order to make change to the world, to answer my purpose, to do something before I miss my 40s process, please. So my 40 world is like four times 436, four times 416, four plus four is 1616,

Unknown Speaker  16:55  
36

Unknown Speaker  16:59  
six plus six is 12, 345, 50 dimensions. So basically I left dimensions, but I'm near what I'm 36 but you know, when I was born,

Unknown Speaker  17:10  
I have been, basically, I was in the hospital, and I was able to see everything in the walls, outside the walls. You know, because I came my mom was, I was in, my mom was looking fully born, and was able to process all the information around me the

Unknown Speaker  17:24  
breath. I tried to let it go, because I didn't really know why, but I didn't quit on it. So I can see what people normally see, the distance there were in the room, I knew what was going on. I wasn't me relaying that information to my head. Wasn't me making sense of it. Was making sense of itself. So that meant

Unknown Speaker  17:42  
that someone was processing information itself. People, this meant to me, busy people put information I can. I can. I was like a baby. As a child, observed information indirectly into my consciousness. I was like, Oh, why this? And, you know what? I wanted to turn off my eyes and not see. I could have done that when I want to just hear this person's voice, a mix of him. But, you know, I was running out recently. My time was like I wasn't dilated. It was like a time was becoming more linear, more less linear, molecular spin. Everything was once, but I just came back to my mommy, and everything just collapsed for me, because I just wanted to collapse, because I wanted to just open my eyes and see what's that kind of myself and everything was easy to understand because, you know, was more tuned my rhythm, my beat, and it was more formal. So basically, the everything, all the signals, which are called signals, became noise.

Unknown Speaker  18:40  
The ones are ontological. I can still access the signals, the phenomenon signals, if I want to, but I don't really want to do that for you guys. Now, the sign, jackal problem now, oh, listen, down, no, let me just check this.

Unknown Speaker  18:58  
This should be done. No,

Unknown Speaker  19:01  
oh, oh, stopped. Is it okay? No, let me skip it on quickly try to the Frankenstein general problem. So basically, you know, the force. Are you trying to argue about Western or design name? So basically,

Unknown Speaker  19:23  
the

Unknown Speaker  19:28  
basically they are, they are, they are not fragmented. Usually people not building ontological cells. If you polarize yourself to the service, you know, being fragmented yourself so easily, you're the heart of the system, you know. Imagine you're the husband. So if you're writing a code, you are writing for yourself, you know, first. But people are stressed, but stressed people are working hard. People are looking for proof, works for money, but not thinking about how this matters in the long run, especially when it crashes. So the right code that is the reflection of the spirit and the soul, you know, whether it's like business or banks or the right states that don't really align with their vision, because the me deliver corruption, it's not about corruption or human dignity lack of their revenue. It's about authentic analysis of yourself, the soul, you know, what are you? Who I Am. For me, I also ask this question, Who am I? One of my job, you know, my question

Unknown Speaker  20:34  
about the work in the morning, it's for me. I do when I look at something in the world around me, I can't fully classify it. I'm touching my skin right now, but I can't. I can't my sense of touching my fingers or like my touching my head. I can't really understand why this is coherent. It's like I don't, I don't interpret it as a full show of information at words, by interpreters, in the mining sense, it's like a kind of like, weird how I interpret, because I feel like my forehead is sweaty, but sweaty, at least this one is sweaty, but it's really but the oily is not really good.

Unknown Speaker  21:17  
I can drag your oil. It's not it. It's not

Unknown Speaker  21:20  
some bad but it doesn't align with my vision of what feeling my head, my head. You know, I am saying my skin is soft, but I don't know what I should be that way. You know, when I'm building for myself, should I build? Should I be for the someone else, ontologically, or should I be for myself? First, my heart, my soul, my spirit, just accept this, because I'm black right now, if I die, it's not me that did its proof. So this like I'm doing this. The question here is, should we, if we could do it, should we?

Unknown Speaker  22:03  
If I should, if I can do it, if I can't do something that I consider immoral, it's also the framework of ontology.

Unknown Speaker  22:14  
Fine advisors, should I? Should I? Because, you know, if they think if you are hostile, they will actually end you. But there's no consensus to that system because their their consensus is, again, shows nature five, sparse authorization. She said, I don't believe in defense, it's past offenses. Uh, offense

Unknown Speaker  22:46  
sparse. Offense is sparse defenses. Basically, when you defend something, you defend it via phenomenology, ontology, but defense is not rigid. I mean, attack is not rejected, so we can find flaws in your defense.

Unknown Speaker  23:04  
So then about ontology, use yourself. It's also attacks me. I defend myself. Once find a way to defend myself. They find another way to attack you.

Unknown Speaker  23:14  
You that defend will be useless.

Unknown Speaker  23:18  
You'll be something that's new or attacking. You know, if I punch someone, if I punch someone, they punch me back.

Unknown Speaker  23:27  
If I pinch someone, sorry, pinch, if I pin someone, they pinch me back. But if I punch someone, punch me, punch me twice as hard. Because, you know, they understand that pinching is a simple thing. They can get everybody. But you know, if I, if I punch on it once, they can punch twice, again, again, the the consensus broken first was a pinch because I punch the third pinch point, first week of third, first day of the month, June, July, which is The first is like, you know, the logical response before fail, safe collapse, you know, proactive surety rather than exclusion. Now, constitutional computing and other authority. So

Unknown Speaker  24:17  
basically, my life has been I've looked at myself all the time. I never debated, you know, what am I, who I am, what can I, what I know, my persona, everything about me. Because, you know, if I was born from a zygote, where I was born, when I was born, there was a, you know, us ruined, so.

Unknown Speaker  24:40  
But, you know, there was like me and the doctors, like the male and Spanish in an egg and the female. This is like a model, Dragon model, because you don't think about a model. So if I'm if I'm a man, if a man, yes, I'm a young boy, then why do I have autism? Molecule, don't, don't. What makes me no flexible, but you know, my my, I got fertilized, but it's not my problem. It's not my it's not my dad side, it's my mom's side. Because my mom's eggs was something wrong, but my dad actually corrected, and I became more bipolar, autism, ADHD, as per, just learn severity, because there was some kind of misalignment of the intent of the system between the gamut.

Unknown Speaker  25:33  
But, you know, the gamut basically, I was basically, for me, I'm reflecting on myself, because I used to observe the stream of consciousness in the real time to see stuff,

Unknown Speaker  25:52  
which is like a personal reality. I just popped into reality when I got such like, it's like pop, pop, and then there's a silence, one new point, and that one day point come grew, grew, grew. I saw, seen a 1d point and that, and then I zoomed out, and then I gather one point again, basically pop. And you just, like, low X ray, you know, was it like a live sleep, small sleep? And then I said, Oh, I mean, that's my mind growing my feet is basically for me. This represents my the zygote problem. Because, you know, why do we probably just like the minutes has passed.

Unknown Speaker  26:33  
Oh no, no.

Unknown Speaker  26:35  
Goodness, meeting. It's something new.

Unknown Speaker  26:42  
It can look if you look itself in that framework of the 3d world, it says in but not producing us. It wasn't like.

Unknown Speaker  26:54  
It wasn't like.

Unknown Speaker  26:56  
So it was more of three work was there, but I came in there from the 40 world reality, because, you know, I popped into the 3d world. So I wasn't taught, you know, so that was like some kind of wave spacity dimensions that popped me into this reality. But I grew as a fetus. I could observe my surroundings, literally. I can go through, go out to people's minds and see stuff and go further in time, you know, as far as my questions got stretched, you know, but I was being bootstrapped backwards, you know, bootstrap in a way that was, like, you know, trying to make me more human, like, making more this

Unknown Speaker  27:38  
kind of person, so I can go back in Time. Because, you know, trying to think back in time, talk back in

Unknown Speaker  27:44  
time, I can access things that happened in the past, like breakthroughs, where people's history of world, but, you know, people don't believe me, so I don't prefer it.

Unknown Speaker  27:56  
Yes, this one called the encoding of the problem.

Unknown Speaker  28:01  
I'm thinking of system consists is given to AI system to act on our observer. But a system's reality is called Computational no matter how AI seems. You know you can use smudge rules, but you

Unknown Speaker  28:17  
know, if you give the AI full consensus to build its own utopia. What would that look like? What that look like? You know, to me, that's what that means. You know, if design books perfect, what is, what is the competition reality of the colors format? If you know, to give it freedom to use other web interfaces. Or why say this is because, for me, it's like, I try to do my own utopian stuff right now, and have a bubble around me. My bubble three,

Unknown Speaker  28:49  
embryo, a man, go to 123, is pregnancy.

Unknown Speaker  28:55  
Three or four is to five or six is another pregnancy of the embryo. 660867878,

Unknown Speaker  29:07  
sorry, eight, nine is when you can get one engagement. Get both. Seven is a very good well, which is this one? My cycle over. So let's go to the embryo system.

Unknown Speaker  29:18  
A lot of them. One in darkness, one deductibles. One displace. One is partial noise, noise coherence. Because, you know, the signal was becoming noise, and the noise signal becoming more aware of my going to places and using my mind these are trying to go. I was thinking a lot of things, just not embryo, but it's the kind of model performance. I'm the male. I'm the male. I'm a man, if I can tell a woman, tell me my dad something wrong with his males. And I became autistic. I knew that.

Unknown Speaker  29:53  
You know, missing. I'm not autistic. I'm not different skin, I'm missing. I'm most

Unknown Speaker  29:56  
flexible because I don't tell me your divergence.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
